Add clarity on what the YAML keys actually mean (#35289)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/more-info/local-media/setup-media.markdown

    recording: /mnt/recordings
```

> The above examples add two media folders to Home Assistant, and they will
> shown up as "media" and "recording" in the media browser. You can add
> as many media folders as you like, using any name you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example adds two media folders to Home Assistant. They will
show up as "media" and "recording" in the media browser. You can add
as many media folders as you like, using any name you want.
```
